# Choin powered by Blockchain technology

## Miners Group

# Live link 
 https://choin.herokuapp.com/

#### Author: [Miners]

## Description

This project is a Reward System that leverages blockchain technology.
It was built and Inspired by Akirachix Software Engineering students based on the problem students face at Akirachix of lack of a proper Reward system.
Students who are not outspoken were leftout in the crowd because they did not know how to speak for themselves or rather the Best in Academics were the ones heard or seen.

The aim of Choin is to ensure that all students are rewarded and perform at their full potential in all aspects.
Be it Academics,Sports,Music or any other co-curricular activity.
It also ensures tha little achievements or efforts made by the students are recognized.

With the revolutionary world we decided to use Block chain technology.The next big thing ......
This ensures trust,transparency,security, and a digital token provided for every reward.
## Users of the system
The system is used by
Admin/leadership
Students
Trainers
## User Stories
An admin/leader  can.... :
* Register students/trainers to the  portal
* Store existing acounts/login details for various accounts that i have been created
* Generate new password for an account that i haven't  been registered for and send them to the repect users email  
* Delete stored account login details that i do now want anymore.


## Installation / Setup instruction

**These Simple Instructions will get you a copy of the application running on your terminal.**

1. Get into the **Project Repository.**

Link:-> ```https://github.com/akirachix/choin.git)```

2. Clone the project.

3. Get into project folder (cd into project).

4. If you have all the Pre-requisites you can run the application.

### Pre-requisites

**What things you need to install the application and how to install them.**

```
Python3.6
```

To Install **python 3.6** on terminal execute

```
apt-get install python3.6
```

```
apt-get install pip3
```

## Running the application

1. Navigate into the cloned folder using terminal and enter command `python3 manage.py runserver` to run the app.
The app will open on terminal 

2. Follow and answer the prompts to use the application.

3. Create your Account.A enerated password will be sent to your email.



## Behaviour Driven Development
| Behaviour | Input | Output |
| :---------------- | :---------------: | ------------------: |
|Open the application on the terminal | Run the command ```$ ./python3 manage.py runserver ```|... <br>* Upload Csv---  Create New Account as an admin and upload csv files * --- An email is sent to you ,users can now login with your autogenerated password. Have An Account |
|Select  CA| input username and password| Hello,Welcome to Akirachix ```username```, Account created succesfully!  Your password is: ```password```|
|Select HA  | Enter your password and username you were sent to your email| 
|Login to  the portal| Enter ```Landing Page```|Enter Account, username, password<br>choose ```Type``` to enter your password  generated for you and sent to your email
|Display dashboard either trainer? Admin? or student?| Enter ```Login```|A list of all credentials that has been stored login sucessfullful or ```You don't have any credentials saved yet``` |

## Built With

* [Python3.6](https://docs.python.org/3/)

## Support and contact details
 Incase you come across errors, have questions, ideas ,concerns, or want to contribute to the application, feel free to reach Miners at:
 eunniceatieno@gmail.com
 achienghunter@gmail.com
 owuorakinyimary@gmail.com
 nniyonkuruchantal@gmail.com
 shadyaobuyagard@gmail.com
 sindetisarah@gmail.com